{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
	\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 \'95	Create a way to restart the game (replay button or your choice) \
	\'95 when the Gigapet dies - he should get full health, and come back to life (find your own graphic for this button)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Create a view that only loads when the app first starts that allows you to pick between two characters (use the attached graphical resources for that). Whatever character picked is the one that is used in the game until the app is closed and re-opened\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a 3rd item that the Gigapet needs randomly - obedience - find your own graphic for this item\
{\listtext	\'95	}Based on which character is selected change the scenery to match that character (pick your own graphics from the attached graphical resources)\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
****\
 	- \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 pressing the button, we should bring gigapet to live. (full health)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0 \
	\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \strike \strikec0 -show "gameover" label.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike0\striked0  Stop all processes. \
\
	After he dies, we still can interact with heart and food img. He also still can receive those img. After he died, and we drop in img on him, a "die" animation is performed. \
	Game logic was written differently. Too much to rewrite to fix that. \
	For some reason, can't disable "foodImg" and "heartImg" images. \
 \
\'95 adding choosing character option: \
\
No, will simply throw 2 buttons on the screen. \
\
Easy way: \
we create HumanImg subclass of UIImageView just like we created MonsterImg subclass. \
Then we copy all code into that subclass. \
Change the way animations are built. (figure out staff with file names)\
We create 1 UIImageView in the storyboard, put human in it, make connection in the code. \
In ViewController, in "startNewGame" we change the way our character being initialized. Basically it should be reusable, character initialization should happen in button actions. \
\
Hard way: \
We shouldn't repeat ourselves. We should create a class "monsterImg" with custom "init" method (convenience init), where one of the arguments will be images. \
When we call for creation of a character, we will just plug image name to the init method. \
\
\
\'95 adding "elixir" as 3rd item to give. \
\
(have to deal with "size class")\
 \
\
Thursday 25th.\
Had to deal with a problem,\
Created "humanImg" class. Rewrote the animating process. \
human image didn't want to appear when pressing the "human" button. \
Fix was - when I added a new imageView to the storyBoard, i didn't specify that it is of a new class "HumanImg" in the inspector area. \
\
now need to hide choosing buttons and play the death animation. \
Also done. \
\
\
	 }